hello and welcome to soul food cooking
today I will be making a mac and cheese
rafi in your oven to 350 degrees
you will need 1 pound of macaroni 1 can
of evaporated milk 1 stick of butter 1/4
cup of provolone cheese 3/4 cup of
Muenster cheese 3/4 cups of sharp
cheddar 3/4 cup of mild cheddar 3/4 cups
of Monterey Jack 3/4 cup of Velveeta 2
eggs 1 teaspoon of black pepper 2 and
1/2 teaspoons of salt and 1 tablespoon
of oil to your water add 1 teaspoon of
salt and 1 tablespoon of oil
bring water to a boil then add macaroni
allow to cook for seven minutes stirring
occasionally
remove from heat and drain
transfer a macaroni to pan then add
butter and mix well
you
next incorporate evaporated milk
now incorporate salt and pepper
next incorporate eggs
after six cheese's and mix well
transfer pan to preheated oven bake for
15 minutes then stir to incorporate
Jesus
now allow to bake for an additional 20
to 25 minutes if you want to be a hit at
your next family gathering then this
macaroni and cheese recipe is definitely
the dish to serve thanks for watching
and don't forget to subscribe to soul
food cooking